DOCSP-28311 Update VSCode Collection and Database Creation Procedure (#59)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-vscode: source/databases-collections.txt

When you create a new database, you must populate it with an
initial collection.

> #. Hover over the connection for the deployment where you want your

Reviewer: Small thing, feel free to disregard:
A user can also right click to open the context menu and choose to create a new database or collection from their instead of the hovering button if they want. Should we mention that here as well?
<img width="277" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-24 at 1 45 52 PM" src="https://github.com/mongodb/docs-mongodb-vscode/assets/1791149/7fa84b84-fa74-4c23-b406-3e63feb418ba">

Author: Thanks I added this for additional context.

   database to exist.

#. Click the :icon-fa5:`plus` icon that appears.
   |vsce| opens a new tab with ``const`` variables for database and 
   collection names.

#. Update the ``database`` and ``collection`` variables with 
   the names for your database and collection.

> #. Click the white :icon-fa5:`play` button to execute the script.

Reviewer: We might want to remove the color reference here and below where we mention the button is `white` as it depends on the user's theme:
| dark | light |
| - | - |
| <img width="239" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-24 at 1 41 11 PM" src="https://github.com/mongodb/docs-mongodb-vscode/assets/1791149/bba1602b-63f9-434e-8707-002a10014676"> | <img width="164" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-24 at 1 41 47 PM" src="https://github.com/mongodb/docs-mongodb-vscode/assets/1791149/474589d7-79fb-4077-bad3-c2e5aa03cb42"> |

Instead how about we mention the button is at the top right of the editor window?
```suggestion
#. Click the :icon-fa5:`play` button located at the top right of the playground editor tab to execute the script.
```

> To create a new database:

Reviewer 2: [suggestion, minimalism]

I know this was pre-existing, but I don't think we need the lines "To create a new database:" and "To create a new collection:". They repeat the headings, and I think can be removed without impacting user understanding.

> #. Hover over the connection for the deployment where you want your

Author: Actually not sure why this is documented twice, the procedure is also here:
https://docs-mongodbcom-staging.corp.mongodb.com/mongodb-vscode/docsworker-xlarge/DOCSP-28311/playground-databases/#create-a-database-and-collection.

Maybe it has value to breakout the task into database and collection creation.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think a refactor would be beneficial here to align this content with our IA templates. It's not particularly useful to have this information documented twice.

One idea is that we could tailor the "Navigate Your Data" section to be about _existing_ data, and talk about creating new databases and collections exclusively in the context of playgrounds. Not sure if this is the best approach, but might be one way to cut down on duplication.

I'd consider these updates out of scope for this specific ticket.

   database to exist.

#. Click the :icon-fa5:`plus` icon that appears.

> #. A JavaScript file populates in a new tab with const 

Reviewer 2: [suggestion]

I think we can be clearer here about who the actor here is in this step and remove passive voice. Consider something like:

"{+vsce+} opens a new tab with ``const`` variables for database and collection names."

> #. A JavaScript file populates in a new tab with const 

Reviewer 2: [suggestion]

Because this step isn't a step the user performs, maybe we should combine it with the previous step where we instruct users to click the plus icon. This way we're giving context on that step, but not making this seem like something the user needs to do.

   variables for the ``database`` and ``collection`` names.

#. Update the variable for ``database`` with your new database name.

> #. Update the variable for ``collection`` with your new collection name.

Reviewer 2: [optional]

Up to you, but you could consider combining these steps into one:

"Update the ``database`` and ``collection`` variables with the names for your database and collection."

#. Click the white :icon-fa5:`play` button to execute the script.

> #. If the database and collection do not already exist, they are created.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion]

Similar idea to my other comment - Because this isn't something the user actually does, maybe we don't make this it its own step and instead combine this information with the previous step.

Create a New Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To create a new collection:

#. Hover over the database where you want your collection to exist.

> #. Right-click the collection name, and select :guilabel:`Add Collection`.

Reviewer 2: [question]

I think this should be "database name" ?

> #. A JavaScript file populates in a new tab with const 

Reviewer 2: See previous comment about making this more active voice and combining with previous step.

   variables for the ``database`` and ``collection`` names.

#. Update the ``collection`` variable with your new collection name.

#. Click the white :icon-fa5:`play` button to execute the script.

> #. The collection is created in the specified database.

Reviewer 2: See previous comment about combining with previous step.
